this video is about why nice guys finish
last
nice guys let me first say it is not
your fault women are attracted to bad
boy two guys that hurt them over and
over and over and over again why I don't
know they like the guys are getting
trucked other athletes that have women
although they're doing music and are in
a band and women just want to show their
boobs they feel that those type of guys
are fun spontaneous crazy have charisma
but in actuality 99% of the times those
guys don't even know who the hell they
really are judges going with the trans
and doing what everybody else want them
to do just but they can look cool on to
the story why nice guys finish last
thanks guys fantasize because women date
these bad boys then she gets our heart
broken another bad guy sees our hearts
broken and catches our on the rebound
she gets recycled through this period
time time and time again you would think
this chick then changed the double hell
no she chooses to mess with these
deadbeat and sorry man time after time
after time after damn time you will
learn today these bad guys only really
using her for one thing SC and sad but
true ladies and gentlemen take notes
finally when that girl Rosa she is sick
and tired of dating bad boys she becomes
a woman
and nice guy this is when you come into
play she no longer wants to party
dreaming tweet with random people every
night she doesn't care about being
popular anymore who thinks she's cool
she's getting older so she's ready to
something down but none of those bad
guys are even gonna think twice to
settle down with her because her body
count is super-dee-duper high the
definition of body count the number of
people someone has slept with in Li time
her body count is so dang hot no one
would even think that she is wifey
material
but the nice guy thinks she's like free
material so the nice guy slept was down
with her she's head off her fun she's
did all the crazy things she is over
experienced and you love her for
everything including all those been she
been with a bad boy bad boy nice guy
congratulations look what you want this
kind of stuff
happen if I don't know how long I'm not
here to tell you how to solve it or fix
it I'm just bringing it to your
attention it's even in the Bible it goes
way back I can sit up and tell y'all
some crap give you about 100 notebook
quotes love like you've never looked
before because once you stop loving your
heart will fall if she leaves you let
her go and if she comes back it's true
love ain't none of that crap true live
your life find somebody that's gonna
treat you better than you and if a
female come around has been dealing with
bad watch the ten plus years
look her digging her damn faces st. yeah
I'm into nice girls hope you enjoyed
that video make sure you thumbs that
I've liked it and share with your family
and friends put it on Facebook Twitter
and everywhere else if you have not seen
my brand-new video I did on my main
channel just click on this box you're
watching right now you go right over
there and check it out thanks for the
love see y'all soon
how far do tell